[Music]
they're all safely ashore but they could
still face months of hunger finding food
is not so easy on this cold and barren
Coast the search may be a long one polar
bears have an extraordinarily sensitive
sense of smell and she has caught a
faint whiff of something promising
[Music]
it's the immense caucus of a bowhead
whale a whale carcass could provide more
than anyone family could eat but they're
not the first here to find it by any
means the smell has brought in bears
from miles away
[Music]
their families seldom get off with one
another she's taking the risk bringing
her Cubs here male bears can and do kill
and eat small Cubs another family
challenges
she must decide whether to compete for
food or run away and go hungry she keeps
her counts close to her and stands her
ground
[Music]
their mother's courage has won the Cubs
a meal
[Music]